Defining, expectations and building trust. Your first one-to-one meeting is a
big chance to connect. It's like laying the first bricks for a strong
relationship, your one-to-one, conversation flow, action steps 1 set the stage
start by reviewing their role, what's their main job 2. Build your agenda, ask
about their working preferences, how do you like to be supervised more Hands-On
or more freedom? What's your preferred feedback style written notes or a quick
chat public? Praise or private discussion? How do you like to communicate best
quick messages calls or details 3 build? Mutual trust Brick by Brick trust
doesn't happen overnight. It's built with consistent actions. Communicate
openly be clear and listen actively be consistent. Your actions should match
your words acknowledge achievements. Use tools like bonusly to celebrate their
wins. Follow through. Keep your promises. This builds your credibility. Choose
Your Own Adventure, your team member, just told you they prefer written
feedback. What's your next step immediately? Send them along. Email, with all
your thoughts. Be asked them if they prefer a short summary email or details,
see tell them, you prefer verbal feedback, so they should adapt hint option, b
shows your adapting to their preference.